README.md, before:

---
Title: "STAT 545 - Mini Data Analysis"
Date: "17 October 2021"
Author: "Andrea Ku"

---
## Purpose
This Mini Project will focus on learning how to run a small data analysis with data provided by the datateachr package. In this project, I chose the flow_sample data set that was acquired from The Government of Canada's Historical Hydrometric Database. 

## Mini Project - Milsetone 1
The project is an introduction to the data set options, and begins an initial exploration of the chosen data set. The RMD file walks through looking at the data, choosing the data, and running preliminary explorations to find research questions. 

## Mini Project - Milsetone 2
The project begins investigation and analysis into the flow_sample data set by addressing the posed research questions from Milestone 1. Each research question was explored by summarising the data and by graphing the summarised results. Then, the data was identified as tidy, and subsequently untidied. Further research questions for Milestone 3 were identified.

### Files for Mini Project

The code is contained in an rmd file, which can be run in RStudio by pressing cntrl+enter

1. README.md: Contains information about the files and the project scope

#### Milestone 1

1. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_1.Rmd: working script
2. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_1.md: knitted github document
3. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_1_files: figures for the knitted github document

#### Milestone 2

1. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_2.Rmd: working script
2. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_2.md: knitted github document
3. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_2_files: figures for the knitted github document

Commit message:

Finished Milestone 3 and made README files for all folders when reorganizing

README.md, after:

---
Title: "STAT 545 - Mini Data Analysis"
Date: "26 October 2021"
Author: "Andrea Ku"
output: github_document
---

## Purpose
This repository was created for a project for the Stat545 course at UBC. This Mini Project will focus on learning how to run a small data analysis with data provided by the datateachr package. In this project, I chose the flow_sample data set that was acquired from The Government of Canada's Historical Hydrometric Database. 

To engage with the repository, know that there are 3 parts of this mini project, each with a different learning objective. The project was created in RStudio, and the code in each rmd file can be run RStudio as well. Files and project milestones are described below:

## Mini Project - Milestone 1
The project is an introduction to the data set options, and begins an initial exploration of the chosen data set. The RMD file walks through looking at the data, choosing the data, and running preliminary explorations to find research questions. 

## Mini Project - Milestone 2
The project begins investigation and analysis into the flow_sample data set by addressing the posed research questions from Milestone 1. Each research question was explored by summarising the data and by graphing the summarised results. Then, the data was identified as tidy, and subsequently untidied. Further research questions for Milestone 3 were identified.

## Mini Project - Milestone 3
The project manipulated the data and practiced data management techniques learned in the lecture. We used the forcats package to modify a plot made from a previous Milestone, and fitting a model to the data to find a statistical output. Then, data was read and written into csv and rds files. 

### Files for Mini Project

The code is contained in an rmd file, which can be run in RStudio by pressing cntrl+enter

1. README.md: Contains information about the files and the project scope

#### Milestone 1

1. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_1.Rmd: working script
2. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_1.md: knitted github document
3. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_1_files: figures for the knitted github document

#### Milestone 2

1. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_2.Rmd: working script
2. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_2.md: knitted github document
3. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_2_files: figures for the knitted github document

#### Milestone 3

1. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_3.Rmd: working script
2. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_3.md: knitted github document
3. AKu_MiniDataAnalysis_3_files: figures for the knitted github document
